Added new content  ( Dynamic starter kit guide ) (#160)
rsksmart/devportal: docs/02-developers/04-quickstart/dynamic-starter-kit.md

---
section_position: 400
sidebar_label: Rootstock Dynamic Starter Kit
title: Dynamic Starter Kit

> description: 'How to compile, deploy,Dynamic Starter Kit, Rootstock'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'How to compile and deploy a Dynamic Starter Kit on Rootstock.'
```

   This library makes it easier to integrate Web3 functionality into React components.

5. **Viem**:

    * `viem` provides an easy way to interact with smart contracts on the Rootstock blockchain.  
    This library will be used to connect to Rootstock and make contract calls.

:::warning[Warning]
This is a starter kit designed for rapid prototyping. It is intended for educational and experimental purposes only. Use it at your own risk, and ensure thorough testing before deploying in production environments.

:::

## **Getting Started**

<Steps>
  <Step title=" Clone the Repository">
   Clone the repository to use the starter kit locally.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/RookieCol/rootstock-dynamic
cd rootstock-dynamic
```
  </Step>
  <Step title="Install Dependencies">
    Install the necessary dependencies with either Bun or Yarn.
  <Tabs>
  <TabItem value="contribute" label="Using Bun" default>
    ```
    bun install
    ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="contest" label="Using Yarn">
   ```
   yarn install
   ```
  </TabItem>

</Tabs>

  </Step>

>   <Step title="Get Environment Variables from Dynamics">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Step title="Get Environment Variables from Dynamic">
```

Reviewer: @wise4rmgodroot

  </Step>
  <Step title="Send Tokens">
   Through the [`Transfer`](https://github.com/RookieCol/rootstock-dynamic/blob/main/components/Transfer.tsx) component, users can transfer tokens directly within the dApp. It includes fields to specify the recipient address and token amount, along with secure hooks to initiate the transfer.

   **Features:**

   * **Dropdown**: Select a token from available options (**RBTC, tRIF, and DOC**)  
   * **Input Fields**:

      - **Amount:** Enter the amount to send.

      - **Recipient Address:** Enter the address to send tokens to.
  </Step>

  <Step title="Sign Messages">
   The [`SignMessage`](https://github.com/RookieCol/rootstock-dynamic/blob/main/components/SignMessage.tsx) component enables the user to sign arbitrary messages using the connected wallet. This feature is useful for activities like authentication or data validation.

  </Step>
</Steps>
<br/>

By the end of this guide, you’ve learned how to integrate Web3 features into a **Next.js** app using the **Dynamic Starter Kit for Rootstock**. With **wagmi hooks**, you can easily connect wallets, manage token balances, send tokens, and sign messages directly within your application.

> You’ve also seen how **Dynamic’s embedded wallet** simplifies the user experience by eliminating the need for external wallet apps. This integration makes Web3 more accessible, especially for newcomers to blockchain. With support for popular wallets like **MetaMask** and **WalletConnect**, and preconfiguration for the **Rootstock Testnet**, you now have a secure, user-friendly foundation to build and test your Web3 applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ve also seen how **Dynamic’s embedded wallet** simplifies the user experience by eliminating the need for external wallet apps. This integration makes Web3 more accessible, especially for beginners to the blockchain. With support for popular wallets like **MetaMask** and **WalletConnect**, and pre-configuration for the **Rootstock Testnet**, you now have a secure, user-friendly foundation to build and test your Web3 applications.
```
